Happy Birthday!
Wishing you a Happy Birthday!
Best wishes and a wonderful Birthday!
Happy Birthday! Wishing you all the best on your special day!
Congratulations and best wishes on your Birthday!
I wish you a Happy Birthday and many happy returns of the day!
From the bottom of my heart I wish you Happy Birthday!
I hope all your birthday wishes come true! Happy Birthday!
I wish you a Happy Birthday! Have a great time today!
Warm and happy wishes on your Birthday! Have a wonderful day!
Hope your special day brings you all you want! Happy Birthday!
Wishing you the Best Birthday Ever! Have fun! Cheers!
Happy Birthday and many happy days in a new year of yours!
May all your dreams come true! Happy Birthday to you!
Sending you Happy Birthday wishes wrapped in all my love!
Wishing you everything happy on your Birthday!
Wishing you a Birthday which is as special as you are!
Thinking of you on your Birthday and wishing you happiness! Have a great day!
May all your dreams come true! Happy Birthday to you!
May be I am not by your side on your Birthday but I always think about you and send you all the best wishes! Happy Birthday!
Let God keeps you away from evil tongues, sudden misfortune, clever enemies and small-minded friends! Happy Birthday!
With lots of love I am sending you sweet Birthday wishes! Have a very Happy Birthday!
Even though we are miles away, it is good to know that you are always there! Happy Birthday!
With great pleasure I want to wish you much health, love, happiness and freedom in your dreams. Wish you eternal youth, original ideas, big success in everything you do! Be happy! Try to save you would not be happening.
I wish you a long and amazing life. I wish you great health and excellent results in all your dealings. Most importantly, I wish you happiness without measure every minute in your life. Be loved, be happy, enjoy every day!
You’re a miracle and a charm! Let you have happiness and good fortune without problems and troubles. I wish you and all your dearest to have also good health! Happy birthday!
With all my heart I wish you many happy returns of the day! Let all your fond dreams, hopes and expectations come true in your new year. I wish you always to have cheerful mood, good health, strength to resist difficulties and patience, big success in all your dealings and great personal happiness! Thank you for the bright light you give me! Thank you for your being in this world! Happiness and good luck! Happy birthday!
Happy birthday, wish you much health, happiness, freedom, success in everything you do and eternal youth.
Wishing you all the best on your Birthday!